Pretend not to know me
They are deceiving us. We are too busy these days.
Ignore them
Lu Jinshan turned out to be a finance class
Hello, class.
My name is Lu Jinshen
Start today.
The next half term
Let me give you a finance class
Teacher Lu, please write down your contact information.
Teacher Lu, what kind of girl do you like?
Sorry, I already have a fiancee
How do I feel?
Lu Jingshen looks at you with strange eyes
Will there be anything between you?
What nonsense
Who doesn't know that his fiancée is Mu Kiss?
Classmates, be quiet
Next I'm going to call names
Zhao Lin is warm
to
It was him
The little maid of the Mu family
That's it for today's class
warmth
Come with me to the office
Go to his office
That's not the greater risk of being recognized.